Add page hosting Canada dashboard (#28)
Russell-Pollari/ontario-covid19: README.md

add `MONGO_URI=<mongo_uri>`  

#### 3. Sync data
`$ python src/sync_all`  
Fetch data from all sources and sync in MongoDB

## Building static site
`$ npm install`

`$ npm run build`

> Outputs put static html files to `/docs` to build github pages website

Author: ```suggestion
Outputs static html files to `/docs` for GitHub pages
```
